Create v0.40.0 Doc branch (#1034)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking changes

* Remove all instances of the legacy operator arithmetic (the `Hamiltonian` and `Tensor` deprecated classes in PennyLane).
  [(#994)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/994)
  [(#997)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/997)

* Remove all instances of `qml.QubitStateVector` as deprecated in PennyLane.
  [(#985)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/985)

### Improvements

* Add CI wheels checks for `aarch64` wheels of Lightning-GPU and Lightning-Tensor.
  [(#1031)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1031)

> * Replace the `dummy_tensor_update` method with the `cutensornetStateCaptureMPS` API to ensure that further gates apply is allowed after the `cutensornetStateCompute` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replace the `dummy_tensor_update` method with the `cutensornetStateCaptureMPS` API to ensure that applying gates is allowed after the `cutensornetStateCompute` call.
```
